{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12620\viewh13560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 fitting remains fine for Aq\
---of course I need to repair my fitter\
\
I *think* i understand what is going on here.  when you mutliply by flux^2 (non-dimensionalize), you aren't multiplying by a scalar; you are actually changing the weight vector! And this means that you are giving extra weight to the high-flux pixels, which is why they had more of an impact on the fit than they should have.  so i need to make sure that the weight vector is properly dimensionful, so that the result of the fit agrees with the result of chisq minimization.\
\
\
on the first iteration, we should start with the FG08 estimate of <f(z)> .  will make everything work much better.\
be careful for degeneracies! particularly between slope of mean flux and slope of quasar continuum.  need to think about how to deal with these.\
\
---------\
\
could also use this for BALs, down the road.  any quasar with a really bad continuum fit will be a BAL and this would be a good way of identifying by pipeline (to replace visual inspection for DESI)\
\
--------\
\
eventually making code public for DESI.  currently no quasar continuum code\
\
---------\
\
speed: not a huge concern.  15 minutes seems fast enough.  may speed up with SciDB.  We will have to see what happens when I start doing that.\
\
---------\
\
restricted wavelength range: maybe better for predicting Lyalpha forest continuum.\
also restrict to just cutoffs (see McDonald et al. 2006 for some wavelength cuts to avoid the emission lines)  McDonald 06 also has good reference on sky lines\
\
--------\
\
using multiple points to anchor amplitude (say between 2.2 and 2.6) so we're not subject to fluctuations from a single point.\
\
---------\
\
PCA: probably not essential.  the gains in accuracy may not be worth the time, especially for the power spectrum.  so not a high priority\
\
-------\
\
could add a variable slope to the continuum as well\
\
--------\
\
plots after each iteration (so we can see how much fz, continuum are changing)\
plots for each quasar (make a directory) with fit (also with and without <f(z)>)\
\
--------\
\
can't measure <f(z)> where sky lines are masked.  how much of a bin is this?  should we just mask that whole bin?\
\
-------\
\
Busca et al. (x?) for features in <F(z)> (cited in Andreu's DLA paper)}